DOC-1151/VOP-000: Single-page guide (#344)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/guide-initiate-ct.mdx

# Initiate a credit transfer

:::warning VoP Integration Required

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers. Consider integrating the [`verifyBeneficiary` mutation](verification-of-payee) for optimal user experience.

Reviewer: For an optimal user experience, consider integrating the verifySepaBeneficiary mutation.

Reads better.

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers. Consider integrating the [`verifyBeneficiary` mutation](verification-of-payee) for optimal user experience.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers. For an optimal user experience, consider integrating the `verifyBeneficiary` mutation.
```

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers per the EU Instant Payments Regulation. Consider integrating the [`verifySepaBeneficiary` mutation](verification-of-payee#guide-verify) for optimal user experience.

Reviewer: per - would use "according to" 
EU - since it's the first reference - we should use European Union (EU)
Should we link to the regulations?

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers per the European Union (EU) Instant Payments Regulation. Consider integrating the [`verifySepaBeneficiary` mutation](verification-of-payee#guide-verify) for optimal user experience.

Author: re: regulations, they're linked in the VoP article at /topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/verification-of-payee. Want it here as well? The goal of this callout is to bring people over to the main VoP article mentioned above

re: "per", I feel it's the proper wording for regulatory precision. It conveys the authoritative nature of the requirement, is shorter and more direct. It's especially appropriate for describing mandatory compliance requirements

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers per the European Union (EU) Instant Payments Regulation. Consider integrating the [`verifySepaBeneficiary` mutation](verification-of-payee#guide-verify) for optimal user experience.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers. Consider integrating the [`verifyBeneficiary` mutation](verification-of-payee#guide-verify) for optimal user experience.
```
